Add docs for 26.3.0 release (#353)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/platform-support.rst

           | Kubernetes Service

       * - Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
         - 1.32---1.35
         - 1.32---1.35
         - 1.32---1.35

       * - Ubuntu 22.04 LTS
         - 1.32---1.35
         - 1.32---1.35
         - 1.32---1.35

       * - Ubuntu 24.04 LTS
         - 1.32---1.35
         - 1.32---1.35
         - 1.32---1.35

       * - Azure Linux 3 (Local Program) |fn5|_
         -
         -
         - 1.32---1.35

    .. _azure-linux-3:

    :sup:`5`

>     Azure Linux 3 are available as precompiled drivers and signed vGPU Guest Driver.

Reviewer: As pointed out offline, need to remove all references to Azure Linux 3 + vGPU drivers.

| Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9 | Yes                    | Yes            |
+----------------------------+------------------------+----------------+

.. note::

 If you are planning to use the NRI Plugin, you must use at least CRI-O version v1.34.0 or containerd version v1.7.30, v2.1.x and v2.2.x.

>  If you are not using the latest containerd version, check that both CDI and NRI are enabled in the containerd configuration file before deploying GPU Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you are planning to use the NRI Plugin, you must use containerd version v1.7.30+, v2.1.x and v2.2.x.
 The NRI Plugin is not supported with CRI-O.
```
